do you feel like royalty well there is
the throne on which most of us sit every
day yes it's the toilet
the mantra here is loo loo loo here's a
list of amazing facts about the most
sacred place in the house one it is
believed that a person spends from two
months to three years of their life on
the toilet to a smart toilet is
developed in China that monitors your
health it scans the incoming samples and
reports on your smartphone if it detects
any problems with your health three one
of the first sewage systems was
constructed around 3000 BCE in India
people invented a complex system of
underwater channels through which all
waste got into the river
for India also has the Sulabh
International Museum of toilets in Delhi
a mentioned my name and you'll get a
good seat five the first ever flush
toilet was probably invented by Sir John
Harington at the end of the sixteenth
century in England he was a poet and a
courtier to Queen Elizabeth the first
six the hang fungal toilet is the most
expensive toilet on earth it costs five
million dollars and is made out of solid
24 karat gold it works but nobody has
ever used it 7 but there is a toilet
more expensive outside the earth the
International Space Station has a toilet
worth 19 million dollars you need to
strap yourself to the seat to use it
yeah
no gravity a powerful pump is installed
inside the toilet also this thing can
recycle waste into pure drinking water
okay I'll trust you on that one
number eight the most expensive toilet
paper in the world cost 1.3 million
dollars and it's made from 22 karat gold
what's all this stuff about golden
toilets number 9 November 19th is World
Toilet Day this day discusses hygiene
and dysentery problems in poor countries
where there are no toilets
10 in the mid 14th century China there
were about 700,000 sheets of toilet
paper supplied to the imperial court
every year 11
there's blue lighting in some public
toilets this is to ensure that people
don't sit there for a long time it is
very difficult to read in blue light 12
Josef CJ eddy is credited as the
inventor of modern commercially
available toilet paper he produced it
cut into flat sheets and packaged in
bundles he was so proud of his invention
that he printed his name on every sheet
13 the first separate public toilets for
women and men allegedly appeared in the
18th century in Paris 14 Japanese smart
toilets have almost as many features as
a modern computer or smartphone here's
what of God pleasant music heating and
blowing seats a hose that automatically
washes and dries your well you know no
toilet paper automatic flushing voice
assistant built-in air freshener and
backlight also public toilets are
installed everywhere in Japan even in
the forest 15 some countries have
transparent public toilets for example
in Switzerland such toilets are very
popular don't worry they're only
transparent from inside well from
outside you can't see anything
16 on earth there are more people with
mobile phones than with toilets in their
home think about that 17 there are
several times more bacteria on our
smartphones than on toilet seats the
same goes for any office desk 18 there
are no toilet seats in italy's public
toilets people don't want their bodies
to touch them so they stand on their
feet breaking the seats eventually but
nobody wants to buy new ones because
nobody wants to use them
such toilets are also found in France
and Greece 19 still such toilets are
better than in Australia in this country
almost every toilet can become home for
a snake the arid climate and hunger
for snakes to crawl into the sewers to
cool down and hunt rats 20 Amsterdam has
unusual public urinals there are no
cubicles the things are just there in
the streets come on don't be shy and do
your thing 21 there's a myth that in
Scotland you're legally bound to let
inside any stranger who wants to use the
bathroom of course this is not true but
there is such a tradition 22 there are
toilets in Vietnam that are installed on
the water 23 there's a real deficiency
of toilet paper in some countries find
out which ones in advance if you are
going to visit them and stock up before
you go 24 little toilet lifehack choose
the cubicle that is closest to the exit
in the public toilet such cubicles are
used less often which means they're
cleaner 25 there's a public toilet for
dogs that is installed on the streets of
a small Spanish town 26 about 70 to 75
percent of people on earth don't use
toilet paper 27 of those who use this
stuff the average person uses 100 rolls
of toilet paper every year it's over
20,000 sheets 28 never throw toilet
paper into the toilet in Mexico pipes
there are very thin and fragile wet
paper can simply break them but it
doesn't say here what they do with it
hmm 29 there's a machine that turns
office paper into toilet paper 30 27,000
trees are used to make toilet paper
every day 31 toilet paper wedding
dresses are becoming very popular there
is even a competition among designers
for the best dress interestingly such
dresses are as beautiful as dresses made
of fabric 32 there are toilets in
supermarkets in Finland they're located
next to the cashier desk
33 you can buy green pink yellow purple
and even black toilet paper but the
coolest paper glows in the dark
34 pomegranates and cloves can be used
to create a pleasant smell in the toilet
instead of an air freshener 35 the
oldest toilet is about 240 million years
old I wasn't around then
however the toilet was not used by
humans but by dinosaurs 36 the psycho
movie by Alfred Hitchcock became the
first to show a scene with the flushing
of a toilet many complained of obscenity
of this scene apparently they forgot
about the poor lady in the shower next
to the toilet
37 the first toilet brushes were made
from the hairs of squirrel oxen and
horses minor brushes were created
according to the same principle as
artificial Christmas trees 38 there is a
restaurant in Taiwan that follows a
bathroom themed tables have sinks under
the glass and chairs are in the shape of
commodes the food is delicious though if
you dare eat it
39 there are books written to read them
while sitting on the toilet I have an
entire collection of those number 40
about 15 to 30% of people don't wash
their hands after using the toilet and
we have a list of their names no not
really
but come on let's do the right thing 41
it's more beneficial for the body to
squat on the toilet oh okay
42 most toilets are made of porcelain
and this material is much better
protected from bacteria than the plastic
toilet seats 43 there is a theory that
one third of Americans flush water while
sitting on the toilet forty-four doctors
don't advise sitting on the toilet for a
long time and looking at the phone as
it's bad for your health
three to seven minutes is the best time
45 it's advised that the toilet should
be replaced every fifth
two years 46 if you went to the toilet
in Singapore and didn't flush
you would face a fine of $150 47 the
difference between an ordinary toilet
and a dry closet is that waste is
flushed into the piping in a
conventional toilet it enters the sewers
through pipes and then goes into rivers
seas and oceans dry closet doesn't wash
away waste there is a special
compartment with natural biochemical
substances inside the dry closet it
decomposes about 80% of waste using
these substances the remaining 20% can
be safely poured into the pit and used
as fertilizer 48 the first portable
toilets were invented in the 1940s for
soldiers
however those were heavy and
uncomfortable cubicles a lightweight
fiberglass toilet was created only in
the 1970s 49 people of some countries in
Europe refused to use toilet paper as
it's considered dirty and not hygienic
instead they use a b-day a small sink
with a tab so you can wash 50 in ancient
Rome a sponge dipped in salt water was
used instead of toilet paper in Europe
straw or pieces of cloth and wool were
used and the indigenous people of Hawaii
and the Philippines used coconut peel 51
toilets in ancient Rome weren't very
popular it wasn't just a place to
relieve yourself people came there to
chat tell the news and discuss important
matters only wealthy citizens were
visiting such an elite place and so it
goes